Thus far, all our workflows just worked,
and of course, that's the desired result,
but sometimes they can fail.
And especially if you have a workflow
that runs automated tests,
the idea is that it does fail if something goes wrong.
So to simulate that something fails,
I will simply break one of my tests here.
For that, I'll go to the src components folder,
and then the MainContent.test.jsx file.
And we can break one of these tests by simply adding
.not here in front of .toBeInTheDocument in line 19.
This simple change will formulate an expectation
that will not be met,
and that will cause this test to fail.
We can simulate this locally
with this change in place
if I run my tests with npm test,
you will see that this fails.
Now, of course, we broke the test deliberately,
but this is a demo.
So let's say this would be our real expectation
and our code just doesn't behave the way it should,
and therefore we create a commit here
and we give it a message,
and we then push this.
Now we push this updated code to GitHub,
and of course, since this
is a push action that's happening here,
it will trigger another workflow run.
Here you see the workflow executing.
So now it's executing,
and if we go into this,
and we can also inspect this whilst it's running,
we will see that here, run tests failed.
And you see this in the overview page
with that red cross here that it failed.
And you can then dive into this workflow and job,
and into the step that failed to learn
why it failed.
And GitHub Actions gives you a detailed log
here, to be precise
it shows you the log, your step printed.
In this case it's the log this testing tool generated,
and this allows you to understand why this job
or this step failed.
And of course, there's a broad variety of possible reasons.
In this case, it's simply because one of our tests
has an expectation that isn't met.
And by analyzing this, we can then either fix the code
so that the test expectation is met,
or fix the test so that the expectation is a different one.
And that's the correct step here,
because here the correct expectation
is to expect this element toBeInTheDocument
not to have it not in the document.
Therefore, what I'll do here
is I will simply revert this commit.
I could also delete it manually
and create a new commit,
but I will simply copy this commit ID here
and then run git revert this commit.
And as you learned in this crash course section
or as you already know anyways,
this creates a new commit that will revert that old commit.
So here I created this new commit
with the default commit message,
you see that the code changed,
and now I can push this new commit
that reverts the old commit,
and that, of course, as you can imagine,
will trigger a new workflow run,
because it is another push.
So here we got this workflow and this job running,
we're going through all these steps again,
and you will see that as soon as we reach the test step,
this time it will finish successfully.